Loss ratio (bytes lost / bytes sent): Initially starts off with a stable pattern, with a high mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 8. Then, in the middle, it exhibits a slight decrease to a stable pattern, with a slightly higher mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 8 through index 9. Overall, the trend of this feature is stable, indicating the presence of very high network congestion.

Latency ratio (average latency / minimum latency): Initially starts off with a stable pattern, with a high mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 8. Finally, in the end, it exhibits a sharp decrease to a lower stable pattern, with a lower mean and low variance, as observed from the value at index 9. Overall, the trend of this feature is decreasing, indicating the presence of improving network conditions.

Send ratio (sending rate / receiving rate): Initially starts off with a stable pattern, with a high mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 8. Finally, in the end, it exhibits a sharp decrease to a lower stable pattern, with a lower mean and low variance, as observed from the value at index 9. Overall, the trend of this feature is decreasing, indicating the presence of improving network conditions.

Sent Latency Increase ((latency of later half - latency of first half) / sending duration): Initially starts off with a volatile pattern, with a low mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 3. Then, in the middle, it exhibits a slightly volatile to decreasing pattern, with a low mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 3 through index 7. Finally, in the end, it exhibits a decrease to a stable pattern, with a low mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 8 through index 9. Overall, the trend of this feature is decreasing, indicating the presence of reducing latency and improving network conditions.

Combined Analysis: Altogether, the patterns in the features indicate improving network conditions. This correlates with the key concepts of rapidly decreasing latency and decreasing packet loss, as evidenced by the sharp decreases in both latency and send ratios towards the end.
