Loss ratio (bytes lost / bytes sent): Initially starts off with a stable pattern, with a high mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 2. Then, it in the middle, it exhibits a stable to stable pattern, with a high mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 3 through index 6. Finally, in the end, it exhibits a stable to stable pattern, with a high mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 7 through index 9. Overall, the trend of this feature is stable, indicating the presence of stable network conditions.

Latency ratio (average latency / minimum latency): Initially starts off with a stable pattern, with a constant mean and zero variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 2. Then, it in the middle, it exhibits a stable to stable pattern, with a constant mean and zero variance, as observed from the values at index 3 through index 6. Finally, in the end, it exhibits a stable to stable pattern, with a constant mean and zero variance, as observed from the values at index 7 through index 9. Overall, the trend of this feature is stable, indicating the presence of stable network conditions.

Send ratio (sending rate / receiving rate): Initially starts off with a slightly volatile pattern, with a high mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 2. Then, it in the middle, it exhibits a slightly volatile to slightly volatile pattern, with a high mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 3 through index 6. Finally, in the end, it exhibits a slightly volatile to slightly volatile pattern, with a high mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 7 through index 9. Overall, the trend of this feature is slightly volatile, indicating the presence of volatile network conditions.

Sent Latency Increase ((latency of later half - latency of first half) / sending duration): Initially starts off with a slightly volatile pattern, with a low mean and medium variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 2. Then, it in the middle, it exhibits a slightly volatile to slightly volatile pattern, with a low mean and medium variance, as observed from the values at index 3 through index 6. Finally, in the end, it exhibits a slightly volatile to slightly volatile pattern, with a low mean and medium variance, as observed from the values at index 7 through index 9. Overall, the trend of this feature is slightly volatile, indicating the presence of volatile network conditions.

Combined Analysis: Altogether, the patterns in the features indicate volatile network conditions. This correlates with the key concepts of volatile network conditions, as evidenced by fluctuations in send ratio and sent latency increase.
