Loss ratio (bytes lost / bytes sent):
Initially starts off with a stable pattern, with a low mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 8. Then, in the middle, it exhibits a stable to increasing pattern, with a low mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 8. Finally, in the end, it exhibits a stable to large spike, with a high mean and high variance, as observed from the values at index 9 through index 9. Overall, the trend of this feature is increasing, indicating the presence of volatile network conditions.

Latency ratio (average latency / minimum latency):
Initially starts off with a stable pattern, with a low mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 8. Then, in the middle, it exhibits a stable to slight increase pattern, with a low mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 8. Finally, in the end, it exhibits a stable to slight increase pattern, with a low mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 9 through index 9. Overall, the trend of this feature is stable, indicating the presence of stable network conditions.

Send ratio (sending rate / receiving rate):
Initially starts off with a stable pattern, with a low mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 8. Then, in the middle, it exhibits a stable to large spike pattern, with a low mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 8. Finally, in the end, it exhibits stable to increase pattern, with a high mean and high variance, as observed from the values at index 9 through index 9. Overall, the trend of this feature is increasing, indicating the presence of high network utilization.

Sent Latency Increase ((latency of later half - latency of first half) / sending duration):
Initially starts off with stable pattern, with a very low mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 9. Then, in the middle, it exhibits stable to volatile pattern, with a very low mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 8. Finally, in the end, it exhibits stable to a large spike pattern, with a high mean and high variance, as observed from the values at index 9 through index 9. Overall, the trend of this feature is increasing, indicating the presence of increasing packet loss.

Combined Analysis:
Altogether, the patterns in the features indicate volatile network conditions.
This correlates with the key concepts of increasing packet loss and high network utilization, as evidenced by the spikes in loss ratio and send ratio observed in the last index.
