Loss ratio (bytes lost / bytes sent): Initially starts off with a constant pattern, with a high mean and zero variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 9. Then, in the middle, it exhibits a consistent to consistent pattern, with a high mean and zero variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 9. Finally, in the end, it exhibits a steady to steady pattern, with a high mean and zero variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 9. Overall, the trend of this feature is stable, indicating the presence of high network utilization.

Latency ratio (average latency / minimum latency): Initially starts off with a constant pattern, with a high mean and zero variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 9. Then, in the middle, it exhibits a steady to steady pattern, with a high mean and zero variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 9. Finally, in the end, it exhibits a stable to stable pattern, with a high mean and zero variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 9. Overall, the trend of this feature is stable, indicating the presence of high latency indicating rapidly increasing latency.

Send ratio (sending rate / receiving rate): Initially starts off with a constant pattern, with a high mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 9. Then, in the middle, it exhibits a consistent to consistent pattern, with a high mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 9. Finally, in the end, it exhibits a stable to stable pattern, with a high mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 9. Overall, the trend of this feature is stable, indicating the presence of high network utilization.

Sent Latency Increase ((latency of later half - latency of first half) / sending duration): Initially starts off with an increasing pattern, with a low mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 9. Then, in the middle, it exhibits a decreasing to steady pattern, with a low mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 9. Finally, in the end, it exhibits a slight increase to increasing pattern, with a low mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 9. Overall, the trend of this feature is variable, indicating the presence of volatile network conditions.

Combined Analysis: Altogether, the patterns in the features indicate congested network conditions. This correlates with the key concepts of high network utilization and rapidly increasing latency, as evidenced by the constant high loss and latency ratios coupled with instability in latency increase showing signs of excessive queue buildup.
