Explanation:

Loss ratio (bytes lost / bytes sent): Initially starts off with a stable pattern, with a high mean and zero variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 9. Then, it in the middle, it exhibits a stable to stable pattern, with a high mean and zero variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 9. Finally, in the end, it exhibits a stable to stable pattern, with a high mean and zero variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 9. Overall, the trend of this feature is stable, indicating the presence of highly congested network conditions.

Latency ratio (average latency / minimum latency): Initially starts off with a stable pattern, with a high mean and zero variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 9. Then, it in the middle, it exhibits a stable to stable pattern, with a high mean and zero variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 9. Finally, in the end, it exhibits a stable to stable pattern, with a high mean and zero variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 9. Overall, the trend of this feature is stable, indicating the presence of highly congested network conditions.

Send ratio (sending rate / receiving rate): Initially starts off with a slightly volatile pattern, with a high mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 2. Then, it in the middle, it exhibits a stable to slightly volatile pattern, with a high mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 3 through index 6. Finally, in the end, it exhibits a slightly volatile to slightly volatile pattern, with a high mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 7 through index 9. Overall, the trend of this feature is slightly volatile, indicating the presence of highly congested network conditions.

Sent Latency Increase ((latency of later half - latency of first half) / sending duration): Initially starts off with a slightly volatile pattern, with a low mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 2. Then, in the middle, it exhibits a slightly volatile to slightly volatile pattern, with a low mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 3 through index 6. Finally, in the end, it exhibits a slightly volatile to slightly volatile pattern, with a low mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 7 through index 9. Overall, the trend of this feature is slightly volatile, indicating the presence of highly congested network conditions.

Combined Analysis: Altogether, the patterns in the features indicate severely congested network conditions. This correlates with the key concepts of increasing packet loss and rapidly increasing latency, as evidenced by high loss ratios, consistent high latency ratios, and volatile send and latency increase ratios across all intervals.
