Explanation:

Loss ratio (bytes lost / bytes sent): Initially starts off with a stable pattern, with a low mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 3. Then, it in the middle, exhibits a stable to increasing pattern, with a moderate mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 4 through index 7. Finally, in the end, it exhibits an increasing to high pattern, with a high mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 8 through index 9. Overall, the trend of this feature is increasing, indicating the presence of increasing packet loss.

Latency ratio (average latency / minimum latency): Initially starts off with a stable pattern, with a low mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 1. Then, it in the middle, exhibits an increasing to rapidly increasing pattern, with a moderate mean and moderate variance, as observed from the values at index 2 through index 5. Finally, in the end, it exhibits a rapidly increasing pattern, with a high mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 6 through index 9. Overall, the trend of this feature is increasing, indicating the presence of rapidly increasing latency.

Send ratio (sending rate / receiving rate): Initially starts off with a stable to increasing pattern, with a moderate mean and moderate variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 2. Then, it in the middle, exhibits a stable pattern, with a high mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 3 through index 7. Finally, in the end, it exhibits a high stable pattern, with a high mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 8 through index 9. Overall, the trend of this feature is high, indicating the presence of high network utilization.

Sent Latency Increase ((latency of later half - latency of first half) / sending duration): Initially starts off with a stable pattern, with a low mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 1. Then, it in the middle, exhibits an increasing pattern, with a moderate mean and moderate variance, as observed from the values at index 2 through index 5. Finally, in the end, it exhibits a decreasing pattern, with a low mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 6 through index 9. Overall, the trend of this feature is increasing then decreasing, indicating the presence of volatile network conditions.

Combined Analysis: Altogether, the patterns in the features indicate deteriorating network conditions. This correlates with the key concepts of increasing packet loss and high network utilization, as evidenced by rising loss and latency rates against the backdrop of a high send-to-receive ratio, demonstrating network congestion.
