Loss ratio (bytes lost / bytes sent): Initially starts off with a stable pattern, with a high mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 4. Then, it in the middle, it exhibits a stable to stable pattern, with a high mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 5 through index 8. Finally, in the end, it exhibits a stable to increasing pattern, with a high mean and noticeable variance, as observed from the values at index 9 through index 9. Overall, the trend of this feature is slightly increasing, indicating the presence of increasing packet loss.

Latency ratio (average latency / minimum latency): Initially starts off with a stable pattern, with a low mean and very low variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 8. Then, it in the middle, it exhibits a stable to stable pattern, with a low mean and very low variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 8. Finally, in the end, it exhibits a stable to gradually increasing pattern, with a low mean and noticeable variance, as observed from the values at index 9 through index 9. Overall, the trend of this feature is slightly increasing, indicating the presence of rapidly increasing latency.

Send ratio (sending rate / receiving rate): Initially starts off with a stable pattern, with a high mean and very low variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 8. Then, it in the middle, it exhibits a stable to stable pattern, with a high mean and very low variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 8. Finally, in the end, it exhibits a stable to increasing pattern, with a high mean and high variance, as observed from the values at index 9 through index 9. Overall, the trend of this feature is increasing, indicating the presence of high network utilization.

Sent Latency Increase ((latency of later half - latency of first half) / sending duration): Initially starts off with a stable pattern, with a near-zero mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 3. Then, it in the middle, it exhibits a stable to mildly fluctuating pattern, with a near-zero mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 4 through index 8. Finally, in the end, it exhibits a stable to increasing pattern, with a low mean and slightly higher variance, as observed from the values at index 9 through index 9. Overall, the trend of this feature is slightly increasing, indicating the presence of rapidly increasing latency.

Combined Analysis: Altogether, the patterns in the features indicate volatile network conditions. This correlates with the key concepts of increasing packet loss and rapidly increasing latency, as evidenced by the observed increasing loss ratio and latency ratio patterns.
