Explanation:
Loss ratio (bytes lost / bytes sent): Initially starts off with a constant pattern, with a high mean and zero variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 9. Then, it in the middle, it exhibits a constant to constant pattern, with a high mean and zero variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 9. Finally, in the end, it exhibits a constant to constant pattern, with a high mean and zero variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 9. Overall, the trend of this feature is constant, indicating the presence of severe congestion network conditions.

Latency ratio (average latency / minimum latency): Initially starts off with a constant pattern, with a high mean and zero variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 9. Then, it in the middle, it exhibits a constant to constant pattern, with a high mean and zero variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 9. Finally, in the end, it exhibits a constant to constant pattern, with a high mean and zero variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 9. Overall, the trend of this feature is constant, indicating the presence of severe congestion network conditions.

Send ratio (sending rate / receiving rate): Initially starts off with a constant pattern, with a high mean and zero variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 9. Then, it in the middle, it exhibits a constant to constant pattern, with a high mean and zero variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 9. Finally, in the end, it exhibits a constant to constant pattern, with a high mean and zero variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 9. Overall, the trend of this feature is constant, indicating the presence of high network utilization conditions.

Sent Latency Increase ((latency of later half - latency of first half) / sending duration): Initially starts off with a variable pattern, with a low mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 9. Then, it in the middle, it exhibits a variable to variable pattern, with a low mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 9. Finally, in the end, it exhibits a variable to variable pattern, with a low mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 9. Overall, the trend of this feature is variable, indicating the presence of volatile network conditions.

Combined Analysis: Altogether, the patterns in the features indicate severe congestion and high utilization network conditions. This correlates with the key concepts of increasing packet loss and high network utilization, as evidenced by constant high loss and latency ratios, and a high send ratio.
