Explanation:
Loss ratio (bytes lost / bytes sent): Initially starts off with a stable pattern, with a high mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 5. Then, in the middle, it exhibits a slight increase to stable pattern, with a high mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 6 through index 7. Finally, in the end, it exhibits a stable pattern, with a high mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 8 through index 9. Overall, the trend of this feature is stable, indicating the presence of stable network conditions.

Latency ratio (average latency / minimum latency): Initially starts off with a stable pattern, with a high mean and zero variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 5. Then, in the middle, it exhibits a stable pattern, with a high mean and zero variance, as observed from the values at index 6 through index 9. Overall, the trend of this feature is stable, indicating the presence of stable network conditions.

Send ratio (sending rate / receiving rate): Initially starts off with a stable pattern, with a high mean and zero variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 5. Then, in the middle, it exhibits a stable pattern, with a high mean and zero variance, as observed from the values at index 6 through index 9. Overall, the trend of this feature is stable, indicating the presence of high network utilization conditions.

Sent Latency Increase ((latency of later half - latency of first half) / sending duration): Initially starts off with a decreasing pattern, with a low mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 4. Then, in the middle, it exhibits a decreasing to rapidly decreasing pattern, with a lower mean and higher variance, as observed from the values at index 5 through index 9. Overall, the trend of this feature is decreasing, indicating the presence of improving network conditions.

Combined Analysis: Altogether, the patterns in the features indicate stable yet high-utilization network conditions. This correlates with the key concepts of stable network conditions, as evidenced by consistent high loss and send ratios and stable latency.
