Loss ratio (bytes lost / bytes sent): Initially starts off with a stable pattern, with a high mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 8. Then, it in the middle, it exhibits a sudden to decreasing pattern, with a medium mean and high variance, as observed from the values at index 8 through index 9. Finally, in the end, it exhibits a decreasing to stable pattern, with a low mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 9 through index 9. Overall, the trend of this feature is decreasing, indicating the presence of improving network conditions.

Latency ratio (average latency / minimum latency): Initially starts off with a stable pattern, with a high mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 8. Then, it in the middle, it exhibits a sudden to decreasing pattern, with a medium mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 8 through index 9. Finally, in the end, it exhibits a decreasing to stable pattern, with a low mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 9 through index 9. Overall, the trend of this feature is decreasing, indicating the presence of clearing network congestion.

Send ratio (sending rate / receiving rate): Initially starts off with a stable pattern, with a high mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 8. Then, it in the middle, it exhibits a sudden to decreasing pattern, with a medium mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 8 through index 9. Finally, in the end, it exhibits a decreasing to stable pattern, with a low mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 9 through index 9. Overall, the trend of this feature is decreasing, indicating the presence of high network utilization decreasing.

Sent Latency Increase ((latency of later half - latency of first half) / sending duration): Initially starts off with a stable pattern, with a low mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 0 through index 3. Then, it in the middle, it exhibits an increasing to stable pattern, with a medium mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 3 through index 8. Finally, in the end, it exhibits a decreasing pattern, with a low mean and low variance, as observed from the values at index 8 through index 9. Overall, the trend of this feature is initially stable then decreasing, indicating the presence of clearing network congestion.

Combined Analysis: Altogether, the patterns in the features indicate improving network conditions. This correlates with the key concepts of decreasing packet loss and clearing congestion, as evidenced by decreasing loss and latency ratios, and a stabilized send ratio.
