Explanation:
Traffic Volume: Initially starts off with a consistent pattern, as observed from the features Timestamp, Packet Length, Higher Layer of Network. In the middle, it exhibits a decline to zero pattern, as evident from features Timestamp, Packet Length, Higher Layer of Network. In the end, it exhibits a zero to zero pattern, based on features Timestamp, Packet Length, Higher Layer of Network. Overall, the trend is decreasing, indicating the presence of abnormal conditions.
Types of requests: Initially starts off with a consistent pattern, as observed from the features Which protocol the connection is using, TCP Flags used by the connection. In the middle, it exhibits a decline to zero pattern, as evident from features Which protocol the connection is using, TCP Flags used by the connection. In the end, it exhibits a zero to zero pattern, based on features Which protocol the connection is using, TCP Flags used by the connection. Overall, the trend is decreasing, indicating the presence of reduced activity.
Resource and rate of connection: Initially starts off with a normal pattern, as observed from the features TCP Window size. In the middle, it exhibits a decline to zero pattern, as evident from features TCP Window size. In the end, it exhibits a zero to zero pattern, based on features TCP Window size. Overall, the trend is decreasing, indicating the presence of abnormal conditions.
IP or request patterns: Initially starts off with a normal pattern, as observed from the features IP Flags of the request, Type of ICMP. In the middle, it exhibits a decline to zero pattern, as evident from features IP Flags of the request, Type of ICMP. In the end, it exhibits a zero to zero pattern, based on features IP Flags of the request, Type of ICMP. Overall, the trend is steady, indicating the presence of stable conditions.

Overall, this state exhibits declining patterns and has signs of potential DDoS attack conditions.

This correlates with the key concept of Anomalous Traffic Volume, Behavioral Anomalies, Rate of New Connections, Machine Learning and AI Detection, and Protocol Compliance.
