Explanation:
Traffic Volume: Initially starts off with a consistent pattern, as observed from the features "Packet Length" and "Timestamp". In the middle, it exhibits a decrease to zero pattern, as evident from features "Packet Length" and "Higher Layer of Network". In the end, it exhibits a zero to zero pattern, based on features "Packet Length" and "Higher Layer of Network". Overall, the trend is decreasing, indicating the presence of abnormal conditions.
Types of requests: Initially starts off with a uniform pattern, as observed from the features "Which protocol the connection is using" and "TCP Flags used by the connection". In the middle, it exhibits a consistent to absent pattern, as evident from features "TCP Window size" and "TCP Flags used by the connection". In the end, it exhibits an absent to absent pattern, based on features "TCP Window size" and "TCP Flags used by the connection". Overall, the trend is consistent then drops, indicating the presence of potentially malicious conditions.
Resource and rate of connection: Initially starts off with an available pattern, as observed from the features "TCP Window size". In the middle, it exhibits an available to unavailable pattern, as evident from features "Length of TCP Connection" and "Bytes Acknowledged by TCP". In the end, it exhibits an unavailable to unavailable pattern, based on features "Length of TCP Connection" and "Bytes Acknowledged by TCP". Overall, the trend is initially healthy then diminishes, indicating the presence of strain conditions.
IP or request patterns: Initially starts off with a normal pattern, as observed from the features "IP Flags of the request". In the middle, it exhibits a normal to abnormal pattern, as evident from features "IP Flags of the request" and "Type of ICMP". In the end, it exhibits an abnormal to abnormal pattern, based on features "IP Flags of the request" and "Type of ICMP". Overall, the trend is consistent then becomes concerning, indicating the presence of altered conditions.

Overall, this state exhibits decreasing, potentially malicious, strain, and altered patterns and has signs of a DDoS attack.

This correlates with the key concept of Baseline of Normal Traffic, Behavioral Analysis, Rate Limiting and Thresholds, Geographical and Temporal Consistency, and Anomalous Traffic Volume.
