Explanation:
Traffic Volume: Initially starts off with a uniform pattern, as observed from the features Packet Length and Higher Layer of Network. In the middle, it exhibits a decrease to null pattern, as evident from features Packet Length and Higher Layer of Network dropping to 0. In the end, it exhibits a stable to null pattern, based on features maintaining at 0. Overall, the trend is decreasing, indicating the presence of abnormal conditions.
Types of requests: Initially starts off with a consistent pattern, as observed from the features Which protocol the connection is using and UDP connection length. In the middle, it exhibits a drop to nonexistent pattern, as evident from features which protocol the connection is using and UDP connection length dropping to 0. In the end, it exhibits a stable to nonexistent pattern, based on features maintaining at 0. Overall, the trend is consistent to nonexistent, indicating the presence of abnormal conditions.
Resource and rate of connection: Initially starts off with a nonexistent pattern, as observed from the features Length of TCP Connection, Bytes Acknowledged by TCP, and TCP Window size. In the middle, it exhibits a stable to nonexistent pattern, as evident from the features remaining at 0. In the end, it exhibits a stable to nonexistent pattern, based on features maintaining at 0. Overall, the trend is stable, indicating the presence of non-usage conditions.
IP or request patterns: Initially starts off with a typical pattern, as observed from the features IP Flags of the request and TCP Flags used by the connection. In the middle, it exhibits a stable to nonexistent pattern, as evident from features remaining at 0. In the end, it exhibits a stable to nonexistent pattern, based on features maintaining at 0. Overall, the trend is stable, indicating the presence of normal protocol compliance conditions.

Overall, this state exhibits decreasing and inconsistent patterns and has signs of a potential DDoS attack in its initial stage moving to a cessation.

This correlates with the key concept of Anomalous Traffic Volume, Unusual Traffic Patterns, Machine Learning and AI Detection, Behavioral Analysis, and Protocol Compliance.
