Explanation:
Traffic Volume: Initially starts off with a consistent pattern, as observed from the features Timestamp and Packet Length. In the middle, it exhibits a decrease to null pattern, as evident from features Timestamp and Packet Length dropping to 0. In the end, it exhibits a null to null pattern, based on features Timestamp and Packet Length remaining at 0. Overall, the trend is decreasing, indicating the presence of anomalous conditions.
Types of requests: Initially starts off with a uniform pattern, as observed from the features Higher Layer of Network and IP Flags of the request. In the middle, it exhibits a change to absence pattern, as evident from features Higher Layer of Network and IP Flags of the request turning to 0. In the end, it exhibits an absence to absence pattern, based on features Higher Layer of Network and IP Flags of the request remaining 0. Overall, the trend is discontinuous, indicating the presence of anomalous conditions.
Resource and rate of connection: Initially starts off with a active pattern, as observed from the features Length of TCP Connection and Bytes Acknowledged by TCP. In the middle, it exhibits a cessation to null pattern, as evident from features Length of TCP Connection and Bytes Acknowledged by TCP dropping to 0. In the end, it exhibits a null to null pattern, based on features Length of TCP Connection and Bytes Acknowledged by TCP remaining at 0. Overall, the trend is sharply decreasing, indicating the presence of attack conditions.
IP or request patterns: Initially starts off with a protocol-specific pattern, as observed from the features Which protocol the connection is using and TCP Flags used by the connection. In the middle, it exhibits a move to inactivity pattern, as evident from features Which protocol the connection is using and TCP Flags used by the connection turning to 0. In the end, it exhibits an inactivity to inactivity pattern, based on features Which protocol the connection is using and TCP Flags used by the connection remaining 0. Overall, the trend is a shift towards inactivity, indicating the presence of anomalous conditions.

Overall, this state exhibits irregular and inconsistent patterns and has signs of a DDoS attack.

This correlates with the key concept of Anomalous Traffic Volume, Behavioral Anomalies, Resource Exhaustion Symptoms, Protocol Anomalies, and Machine Learning and AI Detection.
