Explanation:
Traffic Volume: Initially starts off with a uniform pattern, as observed from the features Timestamp and Packet Length. In the middle, it exhibits a nonexistent to nonexistent pattern, as evident from features Higher Layer of Network and IP Flags of the request. In the end, it exhibits a nonexistent to nonexistent pattern, based on features Length of TCP Connection and Bytes Acknowledged by TCP. Overall, the trend is decreasing, indicating the presence of anomalous conditions.
Types of requests: Initially starts off with a uniform pattern, as observed from the features Which protocol the connection is using and TCP Flags used by the connection. In the middle, it exhibits a nonexistent to nonexistent pattern, as evident from features TCP Window size and UDP connection length. In the end, it exhibits a nonexistent to nonexistent pattern, based on features Type of ICMP. Overall, the trend is decreasing, indicating the presence of anomalous conditions.
Resource and rate of connection: Initially starts off with a uniform pattern, as observed from the features Packet Length and Higher Layer of Network. In the middle, it exhibits a nonexistent to nonexistent pattern, as evident from features TCP Window size and Length of TCP Connection. In the end, it exhibits a nonexistent to nonexistent pattern, based on features Bytes Acknowledged by TCP. Overall, the trend is decreasing, indicating the presence of resource exhaustion.
IP or request patterns: Initially starts off with a uniform pattern, as observed from the features IP Flags of the request and Which protocol the connection is using. In the middle, it exhibits a nonexistent to nonexistent pattern, as evident from features TCP Flags used by the connection and UDP connection length. In the end, it exhibits a nonexistent to nonexistent pattern, based on features Type of ICMP. Overall, the trend is decreasing, indicating the presence of anomalous conditions.

Overall, this state exhibits decreasing patterns and has signs of a potential DDoS attack.

This correlates with the key concept of Baseline of Normal Traffic, Behavioral Analysis, Rate Limiting and Thresholds, Protocol Compliance, and Machine Learning and AI Detection.
