Explanation:
Traffic Volume: Initially starts off with a consistent pattern, as observed from the features timestamp and packet length. In the middle, it exhibits a drop to a nonexistent pattern, as evident from features timestamp and packet length dropping to 0. In the end, it exhibits a nonexistent to nonexistent pattern, based on features timestamp and packet length remaining at 0. Overall, the trend is a drop to zero, indicating the presence of anomaly conditions.
Types of requests: Initially starts off with a uniform pattern, as observed from the features higher layer of network and IP flags of the request. In the middle, it exhibits a shift to a nonexistent pattern, as evident from higher layer of network and IP flags dropping to 0. In the end, it exhibits a nonexistent to nonexistent pattern, based on higher layer of network and IP flags remaining at 0. Overall, the trend is a shift to none, indicating the presence of anomaly conditions.
Resource and rate of connection: Initially starts off with a stable pattern, as observed from the features length of TCP Connection, bytes acknowledged by TCP, and TCP window size. In the middle, it exhibits a shift to nonexistent, as evident from features dropping to 0. In the end, it exhibits a nonexistent to nonexistent pattern, based on features remaining at 0. Overall, the trend is an abrupt halt, indicating the presence of anomaly conditions.
IP or request patterns: Initially starts off with a consistent pattern, as observed from the features which protocol the connection is using and TCP flags used by the connection. In the middle, it exhibits a shift to nonexistent, as evident from features dropping to 0. In the end, it exhibits a nonexistent to nonexistent pattern, based on features remaining at 0. Overall, the trend is a shift to none, indicating the presence of anomaly conditions.

Overall, this state exhibits abnormal patterns and has signs of a potential DDoS attack.

This correlates with the key concept of Baseline of Normal Traffic, Anomalous Traffic Volume, Behavioral Analysis, Resource Exhaustion Symptoms, and Machine Learning and AI Detection.
