Explanation:
Traffic Volume: Initially starts off with a uniform pattern, as observed from the features Timestamp, Packet Length, Higher Layer of Network. In the middle, it exhibits a decrease to a nonexistent pattern, as evident from features Packet Length, Higher Layer of Network. In the end, it exhibits a nonexistent to nonexistent pattern, based on features Packet Length, Higher Layer of Network. Overall, the trend is decreasing, indicating the presence of attack conditions.
Types of requests: Initially starts off with a consistent pattern, as observed from the features TCP Flags used by the connection, TCP Window size. In the middle, it exhibits a decrease to nonexistent pattern, as evident from features TCP Flags used by the connection, TCP Window size. In the end, it exhibits a nonexistent to nonexistent pattern, based on features TCP Flags used by the connection, TCP Window size. Overall, the trend is consistent then decreasing, indicating the presence of potential attack conditions.
Resource and rate of connection: Initially starts off with a consistent pattern, as observed from the features Which protocol the connection is using, TCP Flags used by the connection. In the middle, it exhibits a stable to nonexistent pattern, as evident from features TCP Flags used by the connection. In the end, it exhibits a nonexistent to nonexistent pattern, based on features TCP Flags used by the connection. Overall, the trend is decreasing, indicating the presence of unusual conditions.
IP or request patterns: Initially starts off with a consistent pattern, as observed from the features IP Flags of the request, Which protocol the connection is using. In the middle, it exhibits a consistent to nonexistent pattern, as evident from features IP Flags of the request. In the end, it exhibits a nonexistent to nonexistent pattern, based on features IP Flags of the request. Overall, the trend is consistent then disappearing, indicating the presence of abnormal conditions.

Overall, this state exhibits decreasing and inconsistent patterns and has signs of a potential DDoS attack.

This correlates with the key concept of Baseline of Normal Traffic, Behavioral Analysis, Anomalous Traffic Volume, Unusual Traffic Patterns, and Machine Learning and AI Detection.
