Explanation:
Traffic Volume: Initially starts off with a consistent pattern, as observed from the features "Packet Length" and "Higher Layer of Network." In the middle, it exhibits a drop to a non-existent pattern, as evident from features "Packet Length" and "Higher Layer of Network" dropping to 0. In the end, it exhibits a non-existent to non-existent pattern, based on features "Packet Length" and "Higher Layer of Network" remaining at 0. Overall, the trend is sharply declining, indicating the presence of abnormal conditions.
Types of requests: Initially starts off with a consistent pattern, as observed from the features "TCP Flags used by the connection" and "TCP Window size." In the middle, it exhibits a consistent to non-existent pattern, as evident from features "TCP Flags used by the connection" and "TCP Window size" remaining constant initially then dropping to 0. In the end, it exhibits a non-existent to non-existent pattern, based on features "TCP Flags used by the connection" and "TCP Window size" staying at 0. Overall, the trend is sharply declining, indicating the presence of abnormal conditions.
Resource and rate of connection: Initially starts off with a uniform pattern, as observed from the features "Which protocol the connection is using." In the middle, it exhibits a uniform to absent pattern, as evident from features "Which protocol the connection is using" staying constant then dropping to 0. In the end, it exhibits an absent to absent pattern, based on features "Which protocol the connection is using" remaining at 0. Overall, the trend is dropping, indicating the presence of abnormal conditions.
IP or request patterns: Initially starts off with a normal pattern, as observed from the features "IP Flags of the request." In the middle, it exhibits a normal to non-existent pattern, as evident from features "IP Flags of the request" remaining at 0 throughout. In the end, it exhibits a non-existent to non-existent pattern, based on features "IP Flags of the request" staying at 0. Overall, the trend is consistent, indicating the presence of abnormal conditions.

Overall, this state exhibits discontinuous patterns and has signs of a potential DDoS attack.

This correlates with the key concept of Anomalous Traffic Volume, High Request Rates, Protocol Anomalies, Machine Learning and AI Detection, and Behavioral Anomalies.
