Explanation:
Traffic Volume: Initially starts off with a consistent pattern, as observed from the features Timestamp and Packet Length. In the middle, it exhibits a transition to a zero pattern, as evident from features Packet Length and Higher Layer of Network dropping to 0. In the end, it exhibits a consistent to zero pattern, based on features Packet Length and Higher Layer of Network staying at 0. Overall, the trend is spike followed by a drop, indicating the presence of abnormal conditions.
Types of requests: Initially starts off with a uniform pattern, as observed from the features Which protocol the connection is using and UDP connection length. In the middle, it exhibits a transition to a non-existent pattern, as evident from UDP connection length dropping to 0. In the end, it exhibits a uniform to non-existent pattern, based on UDP connection length remaining at 0. Overall, the trend is steady then halts, indicating the presence of abnormal conditions.
Resource and rate of connection: Initially starts off with a non-existent pattern, as observed from the features Length of TCP Connection, Bytes Acknowledged by TCP, and TCP Window size. In the middle, it exhibits a non-existent to non-existent pattern, as evident from these features remaining at 0. In the end, it exhibits a non-existent to non-existent pattern, based on these features staying at 0. Overall, the trend is constantly non-existent, indicating the presence of non-TCP conditions.
IP or request patterns: Initially starts off with a consistent pattern, as observed from the features IP Flags of the request and Type of ICMP. In the middle, it exhibits a consistent to zero pattern, as evident from features IP Flags of the request remaining the same and Type of ICMP staying at 0. In the end, it exhibits a consistent to zero pattern, based on features IP Flags of the request and Type of ICMP. Overall, the trend is consistent, indicating the presence of uniform IP flag conditions.

Overall, this state exhibits abnormal patterns and has signs of a potential DDoS attack.

This correlates with the key concept of Baseline of Normal Traffic, Behavioral Analysis, Anomalous Traffic Volume, Unusual Traffic Patterns, and Machine Learning and AI Detection.
