Explanation:
Traffic Volume: Initially starts off with a consistent pattern, as observed from the features Packet Length, Higher Layer of Network. In the middle, it exhibits a drop to nonexistent pattern, as evident from features Packet Length, Higher Layer of Network dropping to 0. In the end, it exhibits a nonexistent to nonexistent pattern, based on features maintaining at 0. Overall, the trend is consistent to drop, indicating the presence of attack conditions.
Types of requests: Initially starts off with a consistent pattern, as observed from the features Packet Length, Protocol used. In the middle, it exhibits a drop to nonexistent pattern, as evident from features Protocol used dropping to 0. In the end, it exhibits a nonexistent to nonexistent pattern, based on features remaining at 0. Overall, the trend is consistent to drop, indicating the presence of attack conditions.
Resource and rate of connection: Initially starts off with an engaged pattern, as observed from the features TCP Flags used, TCP Window size. In the middle, it exhibits a disengage to nonexistent pattern, as evident from features dropping to 0. In the end, it exhibits a nonexistent to nonexistent pattern, based on features remaining at 0. Overall, the trend is engaged to disengage, indicating the presence of attack conditions.
IP or request patterns: Initially starts off with a normalized pattern, as observed from the features IP Flags of the request, Type of ICMP. In the middle, it exhibits a stable to nonexistent pattern, as evident from features remaining at 0. In the end, it exhibits a nonexistent to nonexistent pattern, based on features maintaining at 0. Overall, the trend is normalized to stable, indicating the presence of attack conditions.

Overall, this state exhibits abnormal patterns and has signs of a DDoS attack. 

This correlates with the key concept of Behavioral Analysis, Rate Limiting and Thresholds, Protocol Compliance, Anomalous Traffic Volume, and Unusual Traffic Patterns.
