Explanation:
Traffic Volume: Initially starts off with a uniform pattern, as observed from the features timestamps and packet lengths. In the middle, it exhibits a decline to zero pattern, as evident from features packet lengths and higher layer of network. In the end, it exhibits a zero to zero pattern, based on features packet lengths and bytes acknowledged by TCP. Overall, the trend is declining, indicating the presence of diminishing conditions.
Types of requests: Initially starts off with a consistent pattern, as observed from the features protocol used and TCP flags. In the middle, it exhibits a consistent to nil pattern, as evident from features TCP window size and TCP flags. In the end, it exhibits a zero to zero pattern, based on features UDP connection length and type of ICMP. Overall, the trend is consistent transitioning to nonexistent, indicating the presence of an initial burst followed by cessation.
Resource and rate of connection: Initially starts off with an engaged pattern, as observed from the features TCP window size and TCP flags. In the middle, it exhibits an engaged to disengaged pattern, as evident from features packet length and higher layer of network. In the end, it exhibits a disengaged to disengaged pattern, based on features length of TCP connection and bytes acknowledged by TCP. Overall, the trend is from engaged to completely disengaged, indicating the presence of a potential exhaustion or blocking condition.
IP or request patterns: Initially starts off with a nominal pattern, as observed from the features packet length and higher layer of network. In the middle, it exhibits a fixed to absence pattern, as evident from features IP flags of the request and which protocol the connection is using. In the end, it exhibits an absence to absence pattern, based on features IP flags and length of TCP Connection. Overall, the trend is from standard to completely absent, indicating the presence of a sudden stop in requests.

Overall, this state exhibits anomalous patterns and has signs of a potential DDoS attack.

This correlates with the key concept of Baseline of Normal Traffic, Behavioral Analysis, Anomalous Traffic Volume, Unusual Traffic Patterns, and Protocol Compliance.
