Explanation:
Traffic Volume: Initially starts off with a uniform pattern, as observed from the features "Packet Length" and "Timestamp". In the middle, it exhibits a steady to steady pattern, as evident from features "Packet Length" and "TCP Window size". In the end, it exhibits a drop to drop pattern, based on features "Packet Length" and "TCP Window size". Overall, the trend is uniform to drop, indicating the presence of normal to potential DDoS conditions.
Types of requests: Initially starts off with a consistent pattern, as observed from the features "Higher Layer of Network" and "IP Flags of the request". In the middle, it exhibits a consistent to consistent pattern, as evident from features "Higher Layer of Network" and "IP Flags of the request". In the end, it exhibits a drop to drop pattern, based on features "Higher Layer of Network" and "IP Flags of the request". Overall, the trend is consistent to drop, indicating the presence of normal to suspicious conditions.
Resource and rate of connection: Initially starts off with a normal pattern, as observed from the features "Bytes Acknowledged by TCP" and "TCP Flags used by the connection". In the middle, it exhibits a change to normal pattern, as evident from features "TCP Flags used by the connection" and "TCP Window size". In the end, it exhibits a drop to drop pattern, based on features "Bytes Acknowledged by TCP" and "Length of TCP Connection". Overall, the trend is changing to drop, indicating the presence of normal to attack conditions.
IP or request patterns: Initially starts off with a uniform pattern, as observed from the features "Which protocol the connection is using" and "TCP Window size". In the middle, it exhibits a constant to constant pattern, as evident from features "Which protocol the connection is using" and "TCP Window size". In the end, it exhibits a drop to drop pattern, based on features "Which protocol the connection is using" and "TCP Window size". Overall, the trend is uniform to drop, indicating the presence of normal to potential DDoS conditions.

Overall, this state exhibits consistent to dropping patterns and has signs of potential DDoS attack.

This correlates with the key concept of Behavioral Analysis, Anomalous Traffic Volume, Rate Limiting and Thresholds, Protocol Compliance, and Machine Learning and AI Detection.
