Explanation:
Traffic Volume: Initially starts off with a uniform pattern, as observed from the features Timestamp and Packet Length. In the middle, it exhibits a gradual increase to a peak pattern, as evident from features Timestamp and Packet Length. In the end, it exhibits a drop to zero pattern, based on features Timestamp and Packet Length. Overall, the trend is variable, indicating the presence of abnormal conditions.
Types of requests: Initially starts off with a consistent pattern, as observed from the features Higher Layer of Network and IP Flags of the request. In the middle, it exhibits a consistent to consistent pattern, as evident from features Higher Layer of Network and IP Flags of the request. In the end, it exhibits a consistent to non-existent pattern, based on features Higher Layer of Network and IP Flags of the request. Overall, the trend is consistent then drops, indicating the presence of anomalous conditions.
Resource and rate of connection: Initially starts off with a non-utilized pattern, as observed from the features Length of TCP Connection and Bytes Acknowledged by TCP. In the middle, it exhibits a non-utilized to non-utilized pattern, as evident from features Length of TCP Connection and Bytes Acknowledged by TCP. In the end, it exhibits a non-utilized to non-utilized pattern, based on features Length of TCP Connection and Bytes Acknowledged by TCP. Overall, the trend is consistently non-utilized, indicating the presence of a non-TCP attack.
IP or request patterns: Initially starts off with a uniform pattern, as observed from the features Which protocol the connection is using and UDP connection length. In the middle, it exhibits a steady to increased pattern, as evident from features Which protocol the connection is using and UDP connection length. In the end, it exhibits an increased to non-existent pattern, based on features Which protocol the connection is using and UDP connection length. Overall, the trend is variable, indicating the presence of abnormal conditions.

Overall, this state exhibits variable patterns and has signs of DDoS attack characteristics.

This correlates with the key concept of Baseline of Normal Traffic, Behavioral Analysis, Multi-vector Analysis, Machine Learning and AI Detection, and Anomalous Traffic Volume.
