Explanation:
Traffic Volume: Initially starts off with a uniform pattern, as observed from the features Timestamp, Packet Length. In the middle, it exhibits a declining to zero pattern, as evident from features Packet Length, Higher Layer of Network. In the end, it exhibits a zero to zero pattern, based on features Packet Length, Higher Layer of Network. Overall, the trend is declining, indicating the presence of abnormal conditions.
Types of requests: Initially starts off with a consistent pattern, as observed from the features Which protocol the connection is using, TCP Flags used by the connection. In the middle, it exhibits a consistent to nonexistent pattern, as evident from features TCP Flags used by the connection, TCP Window size. In the end, it exhibits a nonexistent to nonexistent pattern, based on features TCP Flags used by the connection, TCP Window size. Overall, the trend is tapering off, indicating the presence of unusual conditions.
Resource and rate of connection: Initially starts off with an active pattern, as observed from the features TCP Flags used by the connection, TCP Window size. In the middle, it exhibits an unchanged to inactive pattern, as evident from features TCP Window size, Length of TCP Connection. In the end, it exhibits an inactive to inactive pattern, based on features Length of TCP Connection, Bytes Acknowledged by TCP. Overall, the trend is becoming inactive, indicating the presence of potentially malicious conditions.
IP or request patterns: Initially starts off with a normal pattern, as observed from the features IP Flags of the request, Which protocol the connection is using. In the middle, it exhibits a stable to non-existent pattern, as evident from features Which protocol the connection is using, TCP Flags used by the connection. In the end, it exhibits a non-existent to non-existent pattern, based on features TCP Flags used by the connection, UDP connection length. Overall, the trend is decreasing, indicating the presence of abnormal conditions.

Overall, this state exhibits declining and inconsistent patterns and has signs of DDoS attack indicators.

This correlates with the key concept of Baseline of Normal Traffic, Behavioral Analysis, Rate Limiting and Thresholds, Protocol Compliance, and Machine Learning and AI Detection.

