Explanation:
Traffic Volume: Initially starts off with a stable pattern, as observed from the features "Timestamp" and "Packet Length (kB)". In the middle, it exhibits a stable to non-existent pattern, as evident from features "Timestamp" and "Packet Length (kB)". In the end, it exhibits a non-existent to non-existent pattern, based on features "Timestamp" and "Packet Length (kB)". Overall, the trend is decremental, indicating the presence of non-traffic conditions.
Types of requests: Initially starts off with a uniform pattern, as observed from the features "Higher Layer of Network" and "Protocol the connection is using". In the middle, it exhibits a uniform to absent pattern, as evident from features "Higher Layer of Network" and "Protocol the connection is using". In the end, it exhibits an absent to absent pattern, based on features "Higher Layer of Network" and "Protocol the connection is using". Overall, the trend is uniform to absent, indicating the presence of discontinued request types.
Resource and rate of connection: Initially starts off with a nonexistent pattern, as observed from the features "Length of TCP Connection" and "Bytes Acknowledged by TCP". In the middle, it exhibits a nonexistent to nonexistent pattern, as evident from features "Length of TCP Connection" and "Bytes Acknowledged by TCP". In the end, it exhibits a nonexistent to nonexistent pattern, based on features "Length of TCP Connection" and "Bytes Acknowledged by TCP". Overall, the trend is consistently nonexistent, indicating the presence of unused resources.
IP or request patterns: Initially starts off with a consistent pattern, as observed from the features "IP Flags of the request" and "TCP Flags used by the connection". In the middle, it exhibits a consistent to absent pattern, as evident from features "IP Flags of the request" and "TCP Flags used by the connection". In the end, it exhibits an absent to absent pattern, based on features "IP Flags of the request" and "TCP Flags used by the connection". Overall, the trend is consistent to absent, indicating the presence of standard then dwindling IP activity.

Overall, this state exhibits diminishing patterns and has signs of traffic cessation.

This correlates with the key concept of Baseline of Normal Traffic, Behavioral Analysis, Protocol Compliance, Machine Learning and AI, and Anomalous Traffic Volume.
