Explanation:
Traffic Volume: Initially starts off with a consistent pattern, as observed from the features Timestamp and Packet Length. In the middle, it exhibits a consistent to consistent pattern, as evident from features Timestamp and Packet Length. In the end, it exhibits a consistent to consistent pattern, based on features Timestamp and Packet Length. Overall, the trend is consistent, indicating the presence of normal conditions.
Types of requests: Initially starts off with a consistent pattern, as observed from the features Higher Layer of Network and Which protocol the connection is using. In the middle, it exhibits a consistent to consistent pattern, as evident from features Higher Layer of Network and Which protocol the connection is using. In the end, it exhibits a consistent to consistent pattern, based on features Higher Layer of Network and Which protocol the connection is using. Overall, the trend is consistent, indicating the presence of normal conditions.
Resource and rate of connection: Initially starts off with a changing pattern, as observed from the features TCP Flags used by the connection and TCP Window size. In the middle, it exhibits a consistent to consistent pattern, as evident from features TCP Flags used by the connection and TCP Window size. In the end, it exhibits a consistent to consistent pattern, based on features TCP Flags used by the connection and TCP Window size. Overall, the trend is evolving, indicating the presence of adjusting conditions.
IP or request patterns: Initially starts off with a changing pattern, as observed from the features IP Flags of the request and Bytes Acknowledged by TCP. In the middle, it exhibits a consistent to consistent pattern, as evident from features IP Flags of the request and Bytes Acknowledged by TCP. In the end, it exhibits a consistent to consistent pattern, based on features IP Flags of the request and Bytes Acknowledged by TCP. Overall, the trend is evolving, indicating the presence of adjusting conditions.

Overall, this state exhibits consistent patterns and has signs of normal traffic conditions.         

This correlates with the key concept of Baseline of Normal Traffic, Behavioral Analysis, Protocol Compliance, Application Behavior, and Machine Learning and AI Detection.
