Explanation:
Traffic Volume: Initially starts off with a uniform pattern, as observed from the features Timestamp and Packet Length. In the middle, it exhibits an increase to decrease pattern, as evident from features Higher Layer of Network and UDP connection length. In the end, it exhibits a decrease to uniform pattern, based on features Timestamp and Packet Length. Overall, the trend is cyclical, indicating the presence of automated conditions.
Types of requests: Initially starts off with a consistent pattern, as observed from the features Protocol and TCP Flags used by the connection. In the middle, it exhibits a change to consistent pattern, as evident from features IP Flags of the request and Type of ICMP. In the end, it exhibits a consistent to null pattern, based on features Length of TCP Connection and Bytes Acknowledged by TCP. Overall, the trend is uniform, indicating the presence of uniform request conditions.
Resource and rate of connection: Initially starts off with a normal pattern, as observed from the features Length of TCP Connection and Bytes Acknowledged by TCP. In the middle, it exhibits a normal to abnormal pattern, as evident from features UDP connection length and Higher Layer of Network. In the end, it exhibits an abnormal to normal pattern, based on features Packet Length and TCP Window size. Overall, the trend is returning to normal, indicating the presence of intermittent strain conditions.
IP or request patterns: Initially starts off with a regular pattern, as observed from the features Which protocol the connection is using and TCP Flags used by the connection. In the middle, it exhibits a deviation to normal pattern, as evident from features IP Flags of the request and Higher Layer of Network. In the end, it exhibits a normal to regular pattern, based on features Type of ICMP and UDP connection length. Overall, the trend is cyclical, indicating the presence of patterned request conditions.

Overall, this state exhibits cyclical patterns and has signs of automated behavior.

This correlates with the key concept of Behavioral Analysis, Multi-vector Analysis, Machine Learning and AI Detection, Protocol Compliance, and Rate Limiting and Thresholds.
