Explanation:
Traffic Volume: Initially starts off with a uniform pattern, as observed from the features “Timestamp” and “Packet Length”. In the middle, it exhibits a decrease to a zero pattern, as evident from features “Packet Length”. In the end, it exhibits a zero to zero pattern, based on features “Packet Length”. Overall, the trend is decreasing, indicating the presence of abnormal conditions.
Types of requests: Initially starts off with a consistent pattern, as observed from the features “Higher Layer of Network”, “Which protocol the connection is using”, and “TCP Flags used by the connection”. In the middle, it exhibits a diminishing to zero pattern, as evident from features “Higher Layer of Network”. In the end, it exhibits a zero to zero pattern, based on features “Higher Layer of Network”. Overall, the trend is consistent then drops, indicating the presence of abnormal conditions.
Resource and rate of connection: Initially start off with a consistent pattern, as observed from the features “TCP Window size”. In the middle, it exhibits a consistent to zero pattern, as evident from features “TCP Window size”. In the end, it exhibits a zero to zero pattern, based on features “TCP Window size”. Overall, the trend is consistent then drops to zero, indicating the presence of abnormal traffic conditions.
IP or request patterns: Initially starts off with a normal pattern, as observed from the features “IP Flags of the request”. In the middle, it exhibits a normal to zero pattern, as evident from features “IP Flags of the request”. In the end, it exhibits a zero to zero pattern, based on features “IP Flags of the request”. Overall, the trend is consistent then drops, indicating the presence of abnormal conditions.

Overall, this state exhibits irregular patterns and has signs of potential DDoS activity.

This correlates with the key concept of Anomalous Traffic Volume, Unusual Traffic Patterns, Rate of New Connections, Protocol Anomalies, and Machine Learning and AI Detection.
