Explanation:
Traffic Volume: Initially starts off with a consistent pattern, as observed from the features Timestamp and Packet Length. In the middle, it exhibits a rising to stable pattern, as evident from features Timestamp and Packet Length increasing then stabilizing. In the end, it exhibits a decreasing to absent pattern, based on features Packet Length dropping to 0. Overall, the trend is cyclical, indicating the presence of patterned conditions.
Types of requests: Initially starts off with a uniform pattern, as observed from the features Higher Layer of Network and Which protocol the connection is using. In the middle, it exhibits a uniform to uniform pattern, as evident from features Higher Layer of Network and Which protocol the connection is using remaining constant. In the end, it exhibits a absent to absent pattern, based on features Higher Layer of Network and Protocol Usage dropping to 0. Overall, the trend is steady then drops, indicating the presence of orchestrated conditions.
Resource and rate of connection: Initially starts off with a nonexistent pattern, as observed from the features Length of TCP Connection and Bytes Acknowledged by TCP. In the middle, it exhibits a nonexistent to nonexistent pattern, as evident from features Bytes Acknowledged by TCP and TCP Window size remaining at 0. In the end, it exhibits a absent to absent pattern, based on features TCP Flags used by the connection and TCP Window size remaining at 0. Overall, the trend is absent, indicating the presence of non-TCP conditions.
IP or request patterns: Initially starts off with a consistent pattern, as observed from the features IP Flags of the request and UDP connection length. In the middle, it exhibits a consistent to consistent pattern, as evident from features IP Flags of the request and UDP connection length remaining constant. In the end, it exhibits a decreasing to absent pattern, based on features UDP connection length dropping to 0. Overall, the trend is decreasing, indicating the presence of diminishing conditions.

Overall, this state exhibits anomalous patterns and has signs of a potential DDoS attack.

This correlates with the key concept of Anomalous Traffic Volume, Unusual Traffic Patterns, Behavioral Anomalies, Protocol Anomalies, and Rate of New Connections.
