Explanation:
Traffic Volume: Initially starts off with a uniform pattern, as observed from the features Timestamp and Packet Length. In the middle, it exhibits a rise to a plateau pattern, as evident from features Higher Layer of Network and IP Flags of the request. In the end, it exhibits a decrease to a uniform pattern, based on features Length of TCP Connection and Bytes Acknowledged by TCP. Overall, the trend is fluctuating, indicating the presence of anomalous conditions.
Types of requests: Initially starts off with a consistent pattern, as observed from the features TCP Flags used by the connection. In the middle, it exhibits a uniform to irregular pattern, as evident from features UDP connection length and Type of ICMP. In the end, it exhibits a consistent to uniform pattern, based on features Which protocol the connection is using. Overall, the trend is variable, indicating the presence of abnormal conditions.
Resource and rate of connection: Initially starts off with a low utilization pattern, as observed from the features Length of TCP Connection and Bytes acknowledged by TCP. In the middle, it exhibits a rise to a steady pattern, as evident from features TCP Window size (packets). In the end, it exhibits no use to low utilization pattern, based on features UDP connection length. Overall, the trend is escalating then diminishing, indicating the presence of resource targeting conditions.
IP or request patterns: Initially starts off with a normal pattern, as observed from the features Type of ICMP. In the middle, it exhibits a standard to suspicious pattern, as evident from features IP Flags of the request and Which protocol the connection is using. In the end, it exhibits a normal to standard pattern, based on features Packet Length. Overall, the trend is irregular, indicating the presence of probing conditions.

Overall, this state exhibits fluctuating, variable, escalating then diminishing, and irregular patterns and has signs of a potential DDoS attack.

This correlates with the key concept of Anomalous Traffic Volume, Behavioral Anomalies, Protocol Compliance, Rate of New Connections, and Reputation and Blacklisting.
