Explanation:
Traffic Volume: Initially starts off with a consistent pattern, as observed from the features Timestamp and Packet Length. In the middle, it exhibits a decline to a nonexistent pattern, as evident from features Timestamp and Packet Length going to zero. In the end, it exhibits a nonexistent to nonexistent pattern, based on features Timestamp and Packet Length being zero. Overall, the trend is declining, indicating the presence of anomalous conditions.
Types of requests: Initially starts off with a varied pattern, as observed from the features Higher Layer of Network and Which protocol the connection is using. In the middle, it exhibits a decline to nonexistent pattern, as evident from features Higher Layer of Network and Protocol showing no activity. In the end, it exhibits a nonexistent to nonexistent pattern, based on features Higher Layer of Network and Protocol being zero. Overall, the trend is declining, indicating the presence of anomalous conditions.
Resource and rate of connection: Initially starts off with a consistent pattern, as observed from the features Length of TCP Connection and TCP Window size. In the middle, it exhibits a decline to nonexistent pattern, as evident from features Length of TCP Connection and TCP Window size dropping to zero. In the end, it exhibits a nonexistent to nonexistent pattern, based on features Length of TCP Connection and TCP Window size being zero. Overall, the trend is declining, indicating the presence of anomalous conditions.
IP or request patterns: Initially starts off with a uniform pattern, as observed from the features IP Flags of the request and TCP Flags used by the connection. In the middle, it exhibits a uniform to nonexistent pattern, as evident from features IP Flags of the request and TCP Flags used by the connection remaining consistent then dropping to zero. In the end, it exhibits a nonexistent to nonexistent pattern, based on features IP Flags of the request and TCP Flags used by the connection being zero. Overall, the trend is consistent then declining, indicating the presence of anomalous conditions.

Overall, this state exhibits declining patterns and has signs of a DDoS attack.

This correlates with the key concept of Anomalous Traffic Volume, Behavioral Anomalies, Resource Exhaustion Symptoms, Protocol Anomalies, and Rate of New Connections.
