Explanation:
Traffic Volume: Initially starts off with a static pattern, as observed from the features Timestamp and Packet Length. In the middle, it exhibits a declination to null pattern, as evident from features Higher Layer of Network, Length of TCP Connection, and Bytes Acknowledged by TCP. In the end, it exhibits a null to null pattern, based on features TCP Window size and UDP connection length. Overall, the trend is declining, indicating the presence of non-standard conditions.
Types of requests: Initially starts off with a consistent pattern, as observed from the features Protocol the connection is using and TCP Flags used by the connection. In the middle, it exhibits a consistent to null pattern, as evident from features Type of ICMP. In the end, it exhibits a null to null pattern, based on features Packet Length and Higher Layer of Network. Overall, the trend is consistent then drops, indicating the presence of unusual conditions.
Resource and rate of connection: Initially starts off with a normal pattern, as observed from the features TCP Window size. In the middle, it exhibits a normal to declined pattern, as evident from features Length of TCP Connection and Bytes Acknowledged by TCP. In the end, it exhibits a declined to null pattern, based on features Packet Length and Higher Layer of Network. Overall, the trend is tapering off, indicating the presence of depletion conditions.
IP or request patterns: Initially starts off with a consistent pattern, as observed from the features IP Flags of the request and Which protocol the connection is using. In the middle, it exhibits a static to nonexistent pattern, as evident from features TCP Flags used by the connection. In the end, it exhibits a nonexistent to nonexistent pattern, based on features UDP connection length and Type of ICMP. Overall, the trend is decreasing, indicating the presence of irregular conditions.

Overall, this state exhibits anomalous patterns and has signs of potential DDoS attack conditions. 

This correlates with the key concept of Baseline of Normal Traffic, Behavioral Analysis, Anomalous Traffic Volume, Unusual Traffic Patterns, and Protocol Compliance.
