Explanation:
Traffic Volume: Initially starts off with a consistent pattern, as observed from the features packet length and TCP window size. In the middle, it exhibits a spike to high pattern, as evident from features packet length and length of TCP Connection. In the end, it exhibits a return to consistent pattern, based on features packet length and TCP window size. Overall, the trend is fluctuating, indicating the presence of anomalous conditions.
Types of requests: Initially starts off with a homogeneous pattern, as observed from the features higher layer of network and which protocol the connection is using. In the middle, it exhibits a shift to diverse pattern, as evident from features higher layer of network and bytes acknowledged by TCP. In the end, it exhibits a return to homogeneous pattern, based on features higher layer of network and which protocol the connection is using. Overall, the trend is cyclical, indicating the presence of manipulated conditions.
Resource and rate of connection: Initially starts off with a stable pattern, as observed from the features length of TCP connection and TCP flags used by the connection. In the middle, it exhibits a surge to exhaustive pattern, as evident from features length of TCP connection and bytes acknowledged by TCP. In the end, it exhibits a return to stable pattern, based on features length of TCP connection and TCP window size. Overall, the trend is variable, indicating the presence of unusual conditions.
IP or request patterns: Initially starts off with uniform pattern, as observed from the features IP flags of the request and TCP flags used by the connection. In the middle, it exhibits a consistent to variable pattern, as evident from features TCP flags used by the connection and bytes acknowledged by TCP. In the end, it exhibits a return to uniform pattern, based on features IP flags of the request and TCP flags used by the connection. Overall, the trend is regular with notable anomalies, indicating the presence of suspicious conditions.

Overall, this state exhibits variable patterns and has signs of DDoS attack activities.

This correlates with the key concept of Anomalous Traffic Volume, Behavioral Anomalies, Machine Learning and AI Detection, Protocol Anomalies, and Rate of New Connections.
