Explanation:
Traffic Volume: Initially starts off with a consistent pattern, as observed from the features Timestamp and Packet Length. In the middle, it exhibits a decrease to a null pattern, as evident from features Timestamp and Packet Length reducing to 0. In the end, it exhibits a null to null pattern, based on features Timestamp and Packet Length remaining at 0. Overall, the trend is a drop-off, indicating the presence of abnormal conditions.
Types of requests: Initially starts off with a consistent pattern, as observed from the features Higher Layer of Network, IP Flags of the request, and Which protocol the connection is using. In the middle, it exhibits a decrease to a null pattern, as evident from these features becoming 0. In the end, it exhibits a null to null pattern, based on these features remaining at 0. Overall, the trend is a drop-off, indicating the presence of abnormal conditions.
Resource and rate of connection: Initially starts off with a consistent pattern, as observed from the features UDP connection length. In the middle, it exhibits a decrease to a null pattern, as evident from features UDP connection length going to 0. In the end, it exhibits a null to null pattern, based on features UDP connection length remaining at 0. Overall, the trend is a drop-off, indicating the presence of abnormal conditions.
IP or request patterns: Initially starts off with a consistent pattern, as observed from the features IP Flags of the request and Which protocol the connection is using. In the middle, it exhibits a decrease to a null pattern, as evident from these features going to 0. In the end, it exhibits a null to null pattern, based on these features remaining at 0. Overall, the trend is steady then drops-off, indicating the presence of abnormal conditions.

Overall, this state exhibits abnormal patterns and has signs of a potential DDoS attack.

This correlates with the key concept of Anomalous Traffic Volume, Unusual Traffic Patterns, Rate of New Connections, Behavioral Analysis, and Machine Learning and AI Detection.
