Explanation:
Traffic Volume: Initially starts off with a uniform pattern, as observed from the features Packet Length, Higher Layer of Network. In the middle, it exhibits a drop to zero pattern, as evident from features Packet Length, Higher Layer of Network. In the end, it exhibits a zero to zero pattern, based on features Packet Length, Higher Layer of Network. Overall, the trend is decreasing, indicating the presence of anomalous conditions.
Types of requests: Initially starts off with a consistent pattern, as observed from the features TCP Flags used by the connection, TCP Window size. In the middle, it exhibits a drop to no activity pattern, as evident from features TCP Flags used by the connection, TCP Window size. In the end, it exhibits a no activity to no activity pattern, based on features TCP Flags used by the connection. Overall, the trend is decreasing to inactive, indicating the presence of potentially malicious conditions.
Resource and rate of connection: Initially starts off with an active pattern, as observed from the features Protocol the connection is using, TCP Flags used. In the middle, it exhibits a decrease to inactive pattern, as evident from features Protocol the connection is using, Length of TCP Connection. In the end, it exhibits an inactive to inactive pattern, based on features Protocol the connection is using. Overall, the trend is from active to inactive, indicating the presence of abnormal conditions.
IP or request patterns: Initially starts off with a regular pattern, as observed from the features IP Flags of the request, Which protocol the connection is using. In the middle, it exhibits a consistent to nonexistent pattern, as evident from features IP Flags of the request. In the end, it exhibits a nonexistent to nonexistent pattern, based on features IP Flags of the request. Overall, the trend is consistent to nonexistent, indicating the presence of abnormal conditions.

Overall, this state exhibits decreasing and inconsistent patterns and has signs of a potential DDoS attack.

This correlates with the key concept of Anomalous Traffic Volume, Behavioral Anomalies, Protocol Anomalies, Machine Learning and AI Detection, and Rate of New Connections.
